README.md, before:

# 4Players ODIN Unity SDK

ODIN is a cross-platform software development kit (SDK) that enables developers to integrate real-time chat technology into multiplayer games, apps and websites.

The ODIN SDK for Unity enables you to add real-time VoIP communication to your Unity game, thus making it more social and interactive.

[Online Documentation](https://developers.4players.io/odin)

## Prerequisites

- Unity 2019.4 or any later version

This Unity version was chosen as it is Long Term Supported and provides compatibility with all targeted platfroms.

## Installation

The package can be installed in multiple ways.

### Unity Package

Please download the latest version of the ODIN Unity SDK as a `.unitypackage` from the [Github releases](https://github.com/4Players/odin-sdk-unity/releases) page. Just double-click the `.unitypackage` to import it into your current Unity editor project.

### Package Manager

Using the Package Manager will ensure that all dependencies are set up correctly and that you will have the most up to date version of the SDK. In most cases, using the Package Manager is the way to go.

To open the Package Manager, navigate to `Window` and then click `Package Manager` in your Unity Editor menu bar.

#### Using a Git Repository

Click the + button in the upper left and select `Add package from git URL`. Next, enter this URL and hit enter to import the package:

[https://github.com/4Players/odin-sdk-unity.git](https://github.com/4Players/odin-sdk-unity.git)

#### Using a Tarball Archive

Click the + button in the upper left and select `Add package from tarball`. Next, select the odin.tgz archive you've downloaded from the [Github releases](https://github.com/4Players/odin-sdk-unity/releases) page to import the package.

## Samples

We ship a sample package with the Unity SDK, which contains several examples and a demo scene. To import it into your project, open the Package Manager and hit import on the example you want to try.

![Package Manager](https://developers.4players.io/images/odin/unity_import.png)

## Troubleshooting

Contact us through the listed methods below to receive answers to your questions and learn more about ODIN.

### Discord

Join our official Discord server to chat with us directly and become a part of the 4Players ODIN community.

[![Join us on Discord](https://developers.4players.io/images/join_discord.png)](https://discord.gg/9yzdJNUGZS)

### Twitter

Have a quick question? Tweet us at [@4PlayersBiz](https://twitter.com/4PlayersBiz) and we’ll help you resolve any issues.

### Email

Don’t use Discord or Twitter? Send us an [email](mailto:odin@4players.io) and we’ll get back to you as soon as possible.

Commit message:

add usage note on base prefab

README.md, after:

# 4Players ODIN Unity SDK

ODIN is a cross-platform software development kit (SDK) that enables developers to integrate real-time chat technology into multiplayer games, apps and websites.

The ODIN SDK for Unity enables you to add real-time VoIP communication to your Unity game, thus making it more social and interactive.

[Online Documentation](https://developers.4players.io/odin)

## Prerequisites

- Unity 2019.4 or any later version

This Unity version was chosen as it is Long Term Supported and provides compatibility with all targeted platfroms.

## Installation

The package can be installed in multiple ways.

### Unity Package

Please download the latest version of the ODIN Unity SDK as a `.unitypackage` from the [Github releases](https://github.com/4Players/odin-sdk-unity/releases) page. Just double-click the `.unitypackage` to import it into your current Unity editor project.

### Package Manager

Using the Package Manager will ensure that all dependencies are set up correctly and that you will have the most up to date version of the SDK. In most cases, using the Package Manager is the way to go.

To open the Package Manager, navigate to `Window` and then click `Package Manager` in your Unity Editor menu bar.

#### Using a Git Repository

Click the + button in the upper left and select `Add package from git URL`. Next, enter this URL and hit enter to import the package:

[https://github.com/4Players/odin-sdk-unity.git](https://github.com/4Players/odin-sdk-unity.git)

#### Using a Tarball Archive

Click the + button in the upper left and select `Add package from tarball`. Next, select the odin.tgz archive you've downloaded from the [Github releases](https://github.com/4Players/odin-sdk-unity/releases) page to import the package.

## Samples

We ship a sample package with the Unity SDK, which contains several examples and a demo scene. To import it into your project, open the Package Manager and hit import on the example you want to try.

![Package Manager](https://developers.4players.io/images/odin/unity_import.png)

### Usage

The base Prefab Asset is available at `Packages/io.fourplayers.odin/Runtime/OdinManager.prefab` and Script accessibility with the `OdinHandler` class.

## Troubleshooting

Contact us through the listed methods below to receive answers to your questions and learn more about ODIN.

### Discord

Join our official Discord server to chat with us directly and become a part of the 4Players ODIN community.

[![Join us on Discord](https://developers.4players.io/images/join_discord.png)](https://discord.gg/9yzdJNUGZS)

### Twitter

Have a quick question? Tweet us at [@4PlayersBiz](https://twitter.com/4PlayersBiz) and we’ll help you resolve any issues.

### Email

Don’t use Discord or Twitter? Send us an [email](mailto:odin@4players.io) and we’ll get back to you as soon as possible.
